[Music]
so it's currently ten to one and we are
just heading off the gump site to go to
a local village and then we're gonna go
to the beach as well and we might go
swimming and again this view is just
unbelievable it's amazing we also did
some filming today because as you might
have gathered from yesterday's long if
you watched it we are making a video
what are we doing these sponsor us
[Music]
you're very he's a great sport you know
what flavor is that one I would like to
know please comment what flavor it's
sour patch kids I don't even know what
it is it tastes good
it is
[Music]
[Laughter]
wait what stop cheating the car
[Music]
smooth very nice
it is
[Music]
turn us go
you know you want to
[Music]
what did we just play and he was the
best oh you did rallies Martha's ready
to get it back as soon as I said he did
well and he said sorry mom why didn't
you ever heard of Oscar say sorry before
whatever you want take the camera
you don't know what to say that
what about because we like gills
beautiful place guy but crowds
approaching they give you so awkward
though it's very awkward which names can
fire you name a place look at the music
we're gonna go and do some more filming
so we're nearly finished the movie and
we just need to do a few more scenes
we're literally nearly done we've only
been here for a day and a half yeah we
are crew filming as we are camping crew
cinema hey that was good
[Music]
shout-out to saffron from uncle uncle I
know you really
[Music]
that's a really clever idea see my hair
so I chose any one round the other oh my
god
[Applause]
[Music]